having this connection to discuss gaining access to your Google Analytics
I really don't feel comfortable with anyone having
access to my Google analytics that it makes me really nervous because
Google already has access to my website data and I don't want anyone else to have access to it
yeah I mean so honestly once we get access to it that's really the only or requesting read-only access
so we're just looking at read and analyze only so it's nothing that we could ever
know Eddie
interesting so you won't be able to change anything
honestly we cannot make any changes at all even if you want to take another step you can restrict what we see
but no honestly all we do is just
read analyze and interpret the data back to you
okay alright
I think I'll feel comfortable then doing that
you can even whatever reason the partnership is no longer working out with us and you can even revoke are read-only access at any moment I'm honestly you're going to see the benefits of this is going to be no reason to do that
we need to take a deeper dive into your your campaign to show you know how this is working for you so you can really see the benefits of what this is doing
okay show me before
yes cordially will be sitting on the go over
reports and I'll show you exactly where your traffic is coming in and how it's coming
in
that's a deal alright sounds good thank you Tim
NOTE lang en